Restore and separate presentation tests (#46)
Princeton-CDH/piffle: CHANGELOG.md

## 0.8

- Restored `piffle.presentation` unit tests

> - Created separate unit tests for `piffle.iiif_dataclasses` presentation dataclasses

Reviewer: Let's say what version we restored from; I would combine these two.

```suggestion
- Restored `piffle.presentation` unit tests from v0.6.1; separated tests for `piffle.iiif_dataclasses` presentation implementation
```
